c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.dll
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.pdb
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.dll
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.pdb
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\obj\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\obj\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.dll
c:\users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\obj\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\tomfitz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StoreApp\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.dll.config
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.pdb
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.pdb
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\obj\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\obj\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\obj\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.pdb
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Samples\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\StoreApp.pdb
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\obj\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\obj\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.dll
C:\Users\rwolfgang\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\HelloWorld02\HelloWorld\StoreApp.Tests\obj\Debug\StoreApp.Tests.pdb
